[INTRO – Say ‘thank you’ and add anything appropriate to the conversation that led up to now]

Our short overview is:

Qleet helps engineering teams get to their customers faster, making it so people no longer have to manage the intricacies of deployment, dependencies & day 2 operations. With Qleet, devs define their requirements—like cloud, latency, geography—and intelligent software automatically takes care of the implementation, infrastructure, and ongoing maintenance.

And the more detailed version is:

We’ve built an entirely new way to deploy and maintain apps, that we call an intelligent delivery system. It abstracts away the complexities of DevOps so developers can focus on coding without compromising their organizations IT, security and operational requirements.

We’re currently focused on software enabled businesses & development shops, who are struggling with configuration issues, security policy gaps & over-provisioning. We offer them an alternative to continuous delivery pipelines that works for their existing applications without any development changes. For our early customers, we’ve cut a 5 day process into 5 minutes and cut the customers cloud costs by 80%.

We’re bringing intelligence and automation to an otherwise brittle, manual, error-prone and inconsistent pipeline-driven process.

Our team has been helping companies solve these problems since the pre-cloud days. Adam is a GTM veteran with a knack for taking technical products to market at Splunk, Microsoft and FortressIQ. Cameron was the first PM at Zscaler, designed the cloud SDN at Pertino, and started the cloud practices at SecureWorks and Gigamon. Richard, our CTO was an early teammate at Heptio, and personally built and operated the clouds at Walmart, Ford, and more. We’ve got a few customers taking the first steps with us, we’re learning from their challenges and are excited about how Qleet speeds their delivery, ensures better uptime, and eliminates hundreds of thousands of dollars of ongoing maintenance.

